[crowd cheering]
[mysterious voice]
They accept you as the original founder.
All eyes are on you.
Who's this?
Are you the one
they're calling Psycho Helmet?
[mysterious voice]
For the first time in your life,
people are cheering for you.
-How is it? Pretty nice, right?
-[unnerving music playing]
Actually, I don't like it at all.
Look, I wanna talk
in person if that's possible.
You can find me
at the base of the giant broccoli.
[mysterious voice] This thing's not
just a broccoli anymore, damn it.
The intense emotions
it absorbed from all those people
turned it into something else entirely.
I wonder, have you ever believed
in something with all your heart?
Belief is a very powerful thing.
Aggregated in sufficient amounts,
it can even manifest in reality.
This world is about
to experience a great change.
After finally making his long-awaited
appearance in physical form,
a new god named
Psycho Helmet will soon ascend.
[Mob] God?
You're just these people's coordinator.
[mysterious voice] I intend
to convince them that I, Psycho Helmet,
am no less
than the reincarnation of their creator.
I am going to lead the people
down the right path
and bring peace to their hearts.
[Mob] What is the right path?
Bringing people peace of mind?
Will that alone be good enough?
[mysterious voice]
Who even knows? I'm playing by ear.
All that really matters
is five minutes of prayer a day
towards the Divine Tree.
Because that is what
I require to sustain myself.
It's up to my followers to come up
with an interpretation for all of this
that works for them.
The look on your face tells me
that you don't approve.
You have to admit, though,
all the believers are enjoying themselves.
-[gasps]
-[mysterious voice] Even Ritsu and Reigen.
Oh, but this fellow here was an exception.
He was the first
to catch on to what I was doing
and tried to put a stop to it.
But in the end,
you can't win if you're not having fun.
[Mob] So, when Master Reigen
said that to me,
it really came from you…
Dimple.
["1" playing]
[song concludes]
DIVINE TREE 2
~PEACE~
[ominous music playing]
[Dimple cackling]
Hey, don't get yourself all worked up.
Hanazawa's fine.
Anyway, why not join
the Psycho Helmet Religion?
You and I can stand
side by side at the top together.
-It'll be awesome.
-Huh. Why ask me?
From the looks of it, you're already
powerful enough on your own.
Well, you still have
huge untapped potential.
Considering the possibilities
for the future,
it seemed a missed opportunity
not to take advantage of that.
I'm not doing it.
[sighs] I can't say
I didn't anticipate that answer.
Still, though.
Your family, classmates,
and everyone else you know
have already been carried away to a world
where their devotion
to Master Psycho Helmet
provides them with immeasurable happiness.
There's no one else left in this city
who isn't a part of it, Shigeo.
You're the only one.
None of them are ever
going back to how they were.
How long do you think you can hold out?
[Mob] They're the way they are now
because you brainwashed them.
-You're the one who needs to give up.
-[Dimple] Are you mad at me?
Of course, I am. I'm furious.
I want you to return everyone to normal.
I don't know how you got to them all.
Even my brother and master.
[Dimple] The first stage
was to have as many people as possible
touch the Divine Tree,
or somehow ingest part of it
into their bodies.
Through that physical contact,
I was able to enter their minds.
The second stage was to expose those few
who'd been left behind
to the passion of the masses
who'd already been converted.
It worked especially well on Reigen.
He was overwhelmed
by what was going on around him.
And now, we've entered
the all-important third stage.
The current faith is so strong,
it's being transmitted directly
from person to person,
all over the country.
It's only a matter of time
until everyone in the world
is a follower of Psycho Helmet.
That will be the sublime moment
when my emergence as a new god
is finally complete.
I don't get any of this,
but becoming a god is the stupidest part.
Do you really not understand
what you're doing?
Huh?
[Mob] The whole city's an absolute mess.
[Dimple] The whole city?
[gasps] Well, that's news to me.
At any rate,
we can always rebuild it if need be.
Enough.
Undo their brainwashing, right now.
Really, this sentimental single-mindedness
isn't like the Mob I know at all.
Calling it "brainwashing" makes it sound
so much worse than it is.
It's not like I changed
anyone's personalities,
or their hobbies,
or interests, or anything like that.
Ritsu and Reigen and your cohorts
in the Body Improvement Club
will treat you the same way
they always have.
The only difference is you'll be followers
of the Psycho Helmet Religion.
And yes, the deep happiness
you derive from that
is something you're going
to be able to share
with the fellow believers
who surround you.
All I want to do is give you the chance
to join in on the fun
everyone else is having.
So…
What exactly is your problem?
Explain to me what I'm doing wrong.
-[whooshing]
-[blast]
What you're doing wrong?
That's simple. You're playing dirty.
You're using your power
to take control of people's hearts.
Making them do whatever you want,
without giving them a choice.
Huh. But this world is like that, right?
There are all kinds of rules and laws
that you have no choice
but to go along with.
Most people just obliviously
fall in line without incident.
And besides that,
if I don't go along with you,
I'm sure you'll be using
your power to take away my choice.
[Mob] Yeah, but what else can I do?
My friends and family.
They're all being brainwashed.
Dimple, you don't understand
how much I'm holding back.
[Teru] Wait, Kageyama.
What Dimple's doing right now.
Can you really say it's all that evil?
[gasps]
[Teru] Look at it rationally.
Will you resort to violence simply
because you don't agree with him?
[Mob] The Psycho Helmet Religion
hasn't fully taken hold yet.
It's up to me to do something about this
while there's still time left.
-[pensive music playing]
-No, don't. If you put your hands on him,
you won't just be ending things
with Dimple.
It'll be the end
of our friendship as well.
If your goal here is truly to tear apart
the Psycho Helmet Religion by force,
then I'm going to stop you.
And if you manage to defeat me,
then you'll have to deal
with you little brother and Reigen.
Eventually,
everyone will stand in your way.
[Mob] Dimple. You…
[beeping]
Hanazawa has the best of intentions.
He's trying to get you to change your mind
because he sincerely cares about you.
Listen, like I said,
no matter what, everyone's--
-[whooshing thud]
-[gasps]
[Mob] Time to come out now, Dimple.
I wanna talk to you directly.
Hey, cut it out, Kageyama!
[Dimple] We've been talking
this entire time.
[gasps]
To attack the Divine Tree,
or the Psycho Helmet Religion,
you've gotta go through me!
[screams, grunts]
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-Hanazawa! You have to snap out of it!
Unfortunately for you,
I'm not controlling him.
[Teru] Something important
has come into in my life.
I won't stop fighting you
until you give up and leave this place!
[grunts]
[Mob] Forgive me.
-[grunts softly]
-[music fades]
[whooshing]
Quit hiding from me, Dimple!
-[explosion]
-[gasps]
[dramatic music playing]
Believers are rewarded
with the blessing of divinity.
Hanazawa has the power
of a god right now.
Such power. I'm overflowing with it.
-[whirring]
-[grunts]
-[yelps]
-[blast]
Please, you have got to get
a hold of yourself, Hanazawa.
Forgive me.
[groans]
[Teru] Oh, no.
I ended up hurting the Divine Tree again.
Well done, Hanazawa.
Shigeo, if you settle down
and allow the Divine Tree's roots
to embrace you,
I'm sure you'll find clarity as well.
[grunts] What awesome power.
[gasps] The roots of the broccoli?
[whirring]
-[gasps]
-[echoing rumbling]
[Mob] These roots are dangerous.
Hanazawa. Get out of here!
Uh?
[screech]
[grunts softly] Not happening, Kageyama!
Master Psycho Helmet,
please stay behind me!
[beeping]
[explosion]
[gasps]
Wow. Awesome.
I gotta say, you really are amazing!
[laughs]
[music fades]
[Dimple] Oh, come on.
You've opened a hole in the Divine Tree.
It'll close right back up, of course.
[gasps]
[Dimple] I guess becoming a god
is more complicated than I imagined.
Shigeo.
It's useless.
[screeching blast]
[tense music playing]
[gasps, groans]
Dimple. Tell me why.
Why you refuse to show yourself.
[grunts]
-[whirring]
-[screeching blast]
Could it be that… [gasps]
…it's because you're afraid of me?
[rapid thuds]
[screeching blast]
[screeching blasts]
[Mob] I can't take any more.
Enough. Enough already.
Don't make me feel this way.
Don't you get it, Dimple?
Come out, please.
Or else, I… [sobs]
[music fades]
[whooshing blasts]
[pants, groans]
[grunts]
[groans, pants]
It can't be. My powers are being drained.
Figured it out, huh?
Although, it's way too late
for that to count.
[gasps, grunts]
[Dimple] By now, you should be realizing
you made a terrible mistake
allowing yourself to be lured
into the Divine Tree.
[yelps]
[rapid blasts]
[Dimple] But your biggest mistake by far…
was when you took it
upon yourself to defy me.
Dimple. Just tell me
what you're really trying to do!
You need to cool your jets for a second.
Since I can't get you
to see things my way,
-I guess I'll have her try.
-[pensive music playing]
[gasps]
[Dimple] Maybe you'll finally
start to gain some perspective on this
if you hear it from your precious Tsubomi.
Look, Mob! You can't go
causing trouble for everyone
in the Psycho Helmet Religion!
Seriously, get a clue, will you?
[Dimple] You get all that?
[screeching blast]
-[pants]
-[Dimple] Hey, now.
You always get so worked up
whenever Tsubomi's involved.
Man, are you ever predictable.
Guess I might as well go ahead
and break it to ya.
Shigeo, you don't have
a shot with her whatsoever.
[Mob sighs]
[Dimple] Tsubomi Takane's
the kind of person who's not afraid
to let you know
when she doesn't want something.
When I tried to force
one of those candies on her,
she swatted the guy's hand away.
Even when I tried
using her friends to get through to her,
she refused to take the bait.
She's a strong woman.
Rather than conforming,
she relies on her own values
to determine her path.
No wonder she never noticed you,
even when you used
your powers in front of her.
I have a feeling you could
improve your body all you want,
and she'd still never
have any use for you.
[Dimple] But now, her heart and soul
are entirely committed
to the Psycho Helmet Religion.
[chuckles] Imagine.
If you were the great founder, Shigeo,
you might genuinely have
a chance of winning her over.
[screeching blast]
This is stupid.
[Dimple] Well, I thought
I'd just about sucked you dry of power,
but it looks like
you've still got some left.
[whirring]
You know, upon reflection,
I might have shown myself too early.
Ah, who cares?
It's not like I'm in any serious danger
of losing to y--
-[whooshing thud]
-[groans]
Hold o-- Whoa. Wait a minute, now! [yelps]
[mumbled groaning]
[groans]
[grunts]
Now, don't go getting ahead of yourself!
Is this how you intend
to repay my kindness?
I guess I've got no choice,
but to start taking this seriously!
[booming blast]
[tense music playing]
[Dimple in deeper voice]
Take a good look.
Before you stands the newly,
magnificently reborn…
Great God Dimple!
[Mob] Okay, and what about it?
[Dimple] Here goes!
-[heavy thud]
-[Dimple] Godly Punch!
Godly Dash!
And now get ready for my Godly Smash!
So, how do you like the power of God?
Ready to give up?
[gasps]
Godly Throw!
Godly Punching Bag!
Godly Straight!
[Mob groaning, panting]
Understand, Shigeo.
I'm perfectly aware
that this isn't enough to defeat you.
[pants]
[Dimple] But he should be near his limit.
The tremendous power
that was drained from him
is flowing into me
through the Divine Tree.
I already know from watching his fight
against Claw's boss.
His power, while great, is also finite.
And he nearly got done in
by Keiji Mogami's mental attacks.
He's not invincible!
I know better than anyone
how to defeat Shigeo--
[Mob] Don't tell me that's your true form.
[gasps]
This right here is your true identity?
You can't be serious.
[Dimple scoffs] Don't worry,
I'll be shutting you up in a second!
By the time I'm finished,
you'll regret not coming over
to this side!
[Mob] Do you honestly believe those words?
Uh?
[Mob] Because, if so,
you shouldn't be holding back.
Your powers, your actions, your words.
They're all phony.
Don't try to convince me
that's the real Dimple.
Because…
it won't work.
I won't accept it. That's not you.
[growls] What the hell
did you just say to me?
You won't accept it?
For you to dismiss
my most treasured dream so flippantly.
Seriously, who do you think you are?
Godly Beam!
[booming explosion]
[Dimple] Oh, crap! I used too much energy!
Shige… [gasps]
-[tense music playing]
-[Dimple hesitates]
His rage is palpable. I can feel it.
You're kidding me. That bastard.
Even now, he still has this much power
at his disposal?
[whooshing]
[Dimple]
I need to finish him off, and fast.
[Mob] You caught me off guard there.
I could've actually died.
You keep this up,
and I might lose all faith in you.
[Dimple] Those eyes.
I've never seen such a terrifying glare.
[Mob] I think it's time
you reveal your true feelings.
-Say something, Dimple. Be honest.
-[hesitates]
Hey, I dunno what to tell you.
Right from the very beginning,
the only thing I ever had in mind
was to take advantage of you.
That makes me sad.
Well, then.
Will this be where we say goodbye?
[Dimple] Goodbye?
[gasps, yells]
Time to go all out!
I'm ending this right now!
-[whooshing thud]
-[blast]
[gulps]
[monkey screeching]
-What's with that lame shirt?
-[gasps]
["Cobalt" playing]
[song concludes]
[Dimple] I never could
relate to you, Shigeo.
I should've been able to use
our psychic powers
to carve out a more
satisfying existence for myself.
You really did know
how to piss me off, you know that?
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 III,
episode six,
"Divine Tree 3 ~Dimple Is~."